I am the commander of the army, Araki Chujo.
I want to call on the most important person of the country,
who is the most important person in the country,
to be the first to act.
What is the spirit of action?
It is the only thing that our people have been following
since the first year of the Great Japanese War.
It is the only thing that our people have been following since the first year of the Great Japanese War.
The true Amaterasu Omikami,
by the popularity of the three kinds of people,
has established the great ideal, great policy and symbol of the country.
In other words, the Yata mirror represents justice and virtue,
the Yatakani Magatama represents the white love of the people,
and the Amano Murakumo's sword,
and the Ubu Danko,
which represents the people of the country.
This is the great spirit of action,
and the great spirit of action has brought good fortune to the people,
and the people of the country have been able to shine bright
in the country of today.
The great ideal, which is like a mask and is pure,
and which is proud,
has established the great country,
which is unparalleled in the world,
and which is unparalleled in the world,
by itself, in the old Japan.
The great spirit has always made this action the national treasure,
and the people have been united,
that is, in unifying the country and establishing great続行 overg thickened a border line,
and in unifying the country and establishing great続行 overg thickened a border line,
I want to say thanks to that shares.
These shares are both the history of my country,
which had to be proud in the true world,
and there were results of my action and blessings that shows that.
the channel is 코로borating that virtue.
Existing the people,
and the people and the nation,
and the nation,